c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ViTeX\ViTeX\bin\Debug\ViTeX.exe.config
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ViTeX\ViTeX\bin\Debug\ViTeX.exe
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ViTeX\ViTeX\bin\Debug\ViTeX.pdb
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ViTeX\ViTeX\obj\Debug\ViTeX.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ViTeX\ViTeX\obj\Debug\ViTeX.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ViTeX\ViTeX\obj\Debug\ViTeX.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ViTeX\ViTeX\obj\Debug\ViTeX.exe
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ViTeX\ViTeX\obj\Debug\ViTeX.pdb
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ViTeX\ViTeX\bin\Debug\AForge.Imaging.dll
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ViTeX\ViTeX\bin\Debug\AForge.Imaging.Formats.dll
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ViTeX\ViTeX\bin\Debug\AForge.Video.DirectShow.dll
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ViTeX\ViTeX\bin\Debug\AForge.Video.dll
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ViTeX\ViTeX\bin\Debug\AForge.Video.FFMPEG.dll
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ViTeX\ViTeX\bin\Debug\AForge.Video.Kinect.dll
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ViTeX\ViTeX\bin\Debug\AForge.Video.VFW.dll
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ViTeX\ViTeX\bin\Debug\AForge.Video.Ximea.dll
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ViTeX\ViTeX\bin\Debug\AForge.Vision.dll
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ViTeX\ViTeX\bin\Debug\AForge.dll
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ViTeX\ViTeX\bin\Debug\AForge.Math.dll
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ViTeX\ViTeX\bin\Debug\AForge.Imaging.xml
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ViTeX\ViTeX\bin\Debug\AForge.Imaging.Formats.xml
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ViTeX\ViTeX\bin\Debug\AForge.Video.xml
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ViTeX\ViTeX\bin\Debug\AForge.Video.DirectShow.xml
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ViTeX\ViTeX\bin\Debug\AForge.Video.FFMPEG.xml
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ViTeX\ViTeX\bin\Debug\AForge.Video.Kinect.xml
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ViTeX\ViTeX\bin\Debug\AForge.Video.VFW.xml
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ViTeX\ViTeX\bin\Debug\AForge.Video.Ximea.xml
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ViTeX\ViTeX\bin\Debug\AForge.Vision.xml
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ViTeX\ViTeX\bin\Debug\AForge.xml
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ViTeX\ViTeX\bin\Debug\AForge.Math.xml
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ViTeX\ViTeX\obj\Debug\ViTeX.ViTeX.resources
C:\Users\David\Desktop\GitHub\ViTeX\ViTeX\bin\Debug\ViTeX.exe.config
C:\Users\David\Desktop\GitHub\ViTeX\ViTeX\obj\Debug\ViTeX.exe
C:\Users\David\Desktop\GitHub\ViTeX\ViTeX\obj\Debug\ViTeX.pdb
G:\thesis\programs\ViTeX\ViTeX\bin\Debug\ViTeX.exe.config
G:\thesis\programs\ViTeX\ViTeX\obj\Debug\ViTeX.exe
G:\thesis\programs\ViTeX\ViTeX\obj\Debug\ViTeX.pdb
G:\thesis\programs\ViTeX\ViTeX\bin\Debug\x64\liblept168.dll
G:\thesis\programs\ViTeX\ViTeX\bin\Debug\x64\libtesseract302.dll
G:\thesis\programs\ViTeX\ViTeX\bin\Debug\x86\liblept168.dll
G:\thesis\programs\ViTeX\ViTeX\bin\Debug\x86\libtesseract302.dll
G:\thesis\programs\ViTeX\ViTeX\bin\Debug\ViTeX.exe
G:\thesis\programs\ViTeX\ViTeX\bin\Debug\ViTeX.pdb
G:\thesis\programs\ViTeX\ViTeX\bin\Debug\AForge.Controls.dll
G:\thesis\programs\ViTeX\ViTeX\bin\Debug\AForge.dll
G:\thesis\programs\ViTeX\ViTeX\bin\Debug\AForge.Fuzzy.dll
G:\thesis\programs\ViTeX\ViTeX\bin\Debug\AForge.Genetic.dll
G:\thesis\programs\ViTeX\ViTeX\bin\Debug\AForge.Imaging.dll
G:\thesis\programs\ViTeX\ViTeX\bin\Debug\AForge.Imaging.Formats.dll
G:\thesis\programs\ViTeX\ViTeX\bin\Debug\AForge.Imaging.IPPrototyper.dll
G:\thesis\programs\ViTeX\ViTeX\bin\Debug\AForge.MachineLearning.dll
G:\thesis\programs\ViTeX\ViTeX\bin\Debug\AForge.Math.dll
G:\thesis\programs\ViTeX\ViTeX\bin\Debug\AForge.Neuro.dll
G:\thesis\programs\ViTeX\ViTeX\bin\Debug\AForge.Robotics.Lego.dll
G:\thesis\programs\ViTeX\ViTeX\bin\Debug\AForge.Robotics.Surveyor.dll
G:\thesis\programs\ViTeX\ViTeX\bin\Debug\AForge.Robotics.TeRK.dll
G:\thesis\programs\ViTeX\ViTeX\bin\Debug\AForge.Video.DirectShow.dll
G:\thesis\programs\ViTeX\ViTeX\bin\Debug\AForge.Video.dll
G:\thesis\programs\ViTeX\ViTeX\bin\Debug\AForge.Video.FFMPEG.dll
G:\thesis\programs\ViTeX\ViTeX\bin\Debug\AForge.Video.Kinect.dll
G:\thesis\programs\ViTeX\ViTeX\bin\Debug\AForge.Video.VFW.dll
G:\thesis\programs\ViTeX\ViTeX\bin\Debug\AForge.Video.Ximea.dll
G:\thesis\programs\ViTeX\ViTeX\bin\Debug\AForge.Vision.dll
G:\thesis\programs\ViTeX\ViTeX\bin\Debug\ConnectedComponentLabeling.dll
G:\thesis\programs\ViTeX\ViTeX\bin\Debug\QuickGraph.Data.dll
G:\thesis\programs\ViTeX\ViTeX\bin\Debug\QuickGraph.dll
G:\thesis\programs\ViTeX\ViTeX\bin\Debug\QuickGraph.Graphviz.dll
G:\thesis\programs\ViTeX\ViTeX\bin\Debug\QuickGraph.Serialization.dll
G:\thesis\programs\ViTeX\ViTeX\bin\Debug\Tesseract.dll
G:\thesis\programs\ViTeX\ViTeX\bin\Debug\AForge.xml
G:\thesis\programs\ViTeX\ViTeX\bin\Debug\AForge.Controls.xml
G:\thesis\programs\ViTeX\ViTeX\bin\Debug\AForge.Fuzzy.xml
G:\thesis\programs\ViTeX\ViTeX\bin\Debug\AForge.Genetic.xml
G:\thesis\programs\ViTeX\ViTeX\bin\Debug\AForge.Imaging.xml
G:\thesis\programs\ViTeX\ViTeX\bin\Debug\AForge.Imaging.Formats.xml
G:\thesis\programs\ViTeX\ViTeX\bin\Debug\AForge.MachineLearning.xml
G:\thesis\programs\ViTeX\ViTeX\bin\Debug\AForge.Math.xml
G:\thesis\programs\ViTeX\ViTeX\bin\Debug\AForge.Neuro.xml
G:\thesis\programs\ViTeX\ViTeX\bin\Debug\AForge.Robotics.Lego.xml
G:\thesis\programs\ViTeX\ViTeX\bin\Debug\AForge.Robotics.Surveyor.xml
G:\thesis\programs\ViTeX\ViTeX\bin\Debug\AForge.Robotics.TeRK.xml
G:\thesis\programs\ViTeX\ViTeX\bin\Debug\AForge.Video.xml
G:\thesis\programs\ViTeX\ViTeX\bin\Debug\AForge.Video.DirectShow.xml
G:\thesis\programs\ViTeX\ViTeX\bin\Debug\AForge.Video.FFMPEG.xml
G:\thesis\programs\ViTeX\ViTeX\bin\Debug\AForge.Video.Kinect.xml
G:\thesis\programs\ViTeX\ViTeX\bin\Debug\AForge.Video.VFW.xml
G:\thesis\programs\ViTeX\ViTeX\bin\Debug\AForge.Video.Ximea.xml
G:\thesis\programs\ViTeX\ViTeX\bin\Debug\AForge.Vision.xml
G:\thesis\programs\ViTeX\ViTeX\bin\Debug\ConnectedComponentLabeling.pdb
G:\thesis\programs\ViTeX\ViTeX\bin\Debug\QuickGraph.xml
G:\thesis\programs\ViTeX\ViTeX\bin\Debug\QuickGraph.Data.xml
G:\thesis\programs\ViTeX\ViTeX\bin\Debug\QuickGraph.Graphviz.xml
G:\thesis\programs\ViTeX\ViTeX\bin\Debug\QuickGraph.Serialization.xml
G:\thesis\programs\ViTeX\ViTeX\bin\Debug\Tesseract.xml
G:\thesis\programs\ViTeX\ViTeX\obj\Debug\ViTeX.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
G:\thesis\programs\ViTeX\ViTeX\obj\Debug\BlobsExplorer.BlobsBrowser.resources
G:\thesis\programs\ViTeX\ViTeX\obj\Debug\ViTeX.Properties.Resources.resources
G:\thesis\programs\ViTeX\ViTeX\obj\Debug\ViTeX.ViTeX.resources
G:\thesis\programs\ViTeX\ViTeX\obj\Debug\ViTeX.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
E:\thesis\programs\ViTeX\ViTeX\bin\Debug\x64\liblept168.dll
E:\thesis\programs\ViTeX\ViTeX\bin\Debug\x64\libtesseract302.dll
E:\thesis\programs\ViTeX\ViTeX\bin\Debug\x86\liblept168.dll
E:\thesis\programs\ViTeX\ViTeX\bin\Debug\x86\libtesseract302.dll
E:\thesis\programs\ViTeX\ViTeX\bin\Debug\Accord.dll.config
E:\thesis\programs\ViTeX\ViTeX\bin\Debug\ViTeX.exe.config
E:\thesis\programs\ViTeX\ViTeX\bin\Debug\ViTeX.exe
E:\thesis\programs\ViTeX\ViTeX\bin\Debug\ViTeX.pdb
E:\thesis\programs\ViTeX\ViTeX\bin\Debug\Accord.dll
E:\thesis\programs\ViTeX\ViTeX\bin\Debug\Accord.Extensions.Core.dll
E:\thesis\programs\ViTeX\ViTeX\bin\Debug\Accord.Extensions.Imaging.AForgeInterop.dll
E:\thesis\programs\ViTeX\ViTeX\bin\Debug\Accord.Extensions.Imaging.Algorithms.dll
E:\thesis\programs\ViTeX\ViTeX\bin\Debug\Accord.Extensions.Math.dll
E:\thesis\programs\ViTeX\ViTeX\bin\Debug\Accord.Extensions.Vision.dll
E:\thesis\programs\ViTeX\ViTeX\bin\Debug\Accord.Imaging.dll
E:\thesis\programs\ViTeX\ViTeX\bin\Debug\Accord.MachineLearning.dll
E:\thesis\programs\ViTeX\ViTeX\bin\Debug\Accord.Math.dll
E:\thesis\programs\ViTeX\ViTeX\bin\Debug\Accord.Statistics.dll
E:\thesis\programs\ViTeX\ViTeX\bin\Debug\AForge.Controls.dll
E:\thesis\programs\ViTeX\ViTeX\bin\Debug\AForge.Fuzzy.dll
E:\thesis\programs\ViTeX\ViTeX\bin\Debug\AForge.Genetic.dll
E:\thesis\programs\ViTeX\ViTeX\bin\Debug\AForge.Imaging.Formats.dll
E:\thesis\programs\ViTeX\ViTeX\bin\Debug\AForge.Imaging.IPPrototyper.dll
E:\thesis\programs\ViTeX\ViTeX\bin\Debug\AForge.MachineLearning.dll
E:\thesis\programs\ViTeX\ViTeX\bin\Debug\AForge.Neuro.dll
E:\thesis\programs\ViTeX\ViTeX\bin\Debug\AForge.Robotics.Lego.dll
E:\thesis\programs\ViTeX\ViTeX\bin\Debug\AForge.Robotics.Surveyor.dll
E:\thesis\programs\ViTeX\ViTeX\bin\Debug\AForge.Robotics.TeRK.dll
E:\thesis\programs\ViTeX\ViTeX\bin\Debug\AForge.Video.DirectShow.dll
E:\thesis\programs\ViTeX\ViTeX\bin\Debug\AForge.Video.dll
E:\thesis\programs\ViTeX\ViTeX\bin\Debug\AForge.Video.FFMPEG.dll
E:\thesis\programs\ViTeX\ViTeX\bin\Debug\AForge.Video.Kinect.dll
E:\thesis\programs\ViTeX\ViTeX\bin\Debug\AForge.Video.VFW.dll
E:\thesis\programs\ViTeX\ViTeX\bin\Debug\AForge.Video.Ximea.dll
E:\thesis\programs\ViTeX\ViTeX\bin\Debug\AForge.Vision.dll
E:\thesis\programs\ViTeX\ViTeX\bin\Debug\ConnectedComponentLabeling.dll
E:\thesis\programs\ViTeX\ViTeX\bin\Debug\DotImaging.BitmapInterop.dll
E:\thesis\programs\ViTeX\ViTeX\bin\Debug\DotImaging.GenericImage.dll
E:\thesis\programs\ViTeX\ViTeX\bin\Debug\DotImaging.Primitives2D.dll
E:\thesis\programs\ViTeX\ViTeX\bin\Debug\QuickGraph.Data.dll
E:\thesis\programs\ViTeX\ViTeX\bin\Debug\QuickGraph.dll
E:\thesis\programs\ViTeX\ViTeX\bin\Debug\QuickGraph.Graphviz.dll
E:\thesis\programs\ViTeX\ViTeX\bin\Debug\QuickGraph.Serialization.dll
E:\thesis\programs\ViTeX\ViTeX\bin\Debug\Tesseract.dll
E:\thesis\programs\ViTeX\ViTeX\bin\Debug\AForge.dll
E:\thesis\programs\ViTeX\ViTeX\bin\Debug\AForge.Imaging.dll
E:\thesis\programs\ViTeX\ViTeX\bin\Debug\AForge.Math.dll
E:\thesis\programs\ViTeX\ViTeX\bin\Debug\Accord.xml
E:\thesis\programs\ViTeX\ViTeX\bin\Debug\Accord.Extensions.Core.xml
E:\thesis\programs\ViTeX\ViTeX\bin\Debug\Accord.Extensions.Imaging.AForgeInterop.xml
E:\thesis\programs\ViTeX\ViTeX\bin\Debug\Accord.Extensions.Imaging.Algorithms.xml
E:\thesis\programs\ViTeX\ViTeX\bin\Debug\Accord.Extensions.Math.xml
E:\thesis\programs\ViTeX\ViTeX\bin\Debug\Accord.Extensions.Vision.xml
E:\thesis\programs\ViTeX\ViTeX\bin\Debug\Accord.Imaging.xml
E:\thesis\programs\ViTeX\ViTeX\bin\Debug\Accord.MachineLearning.xml
E:\thesis\programs\ViTeX\ViTeX\bin\Debug\Accord.Math.xml
E:\thesis\programs\ViTeX\ViTeX\bin\Debug\Accord.Statistics.xml
E:\thesis\programs\ViTeX\ViTeX\bin\Debug\AForge.Controls.xml
E:\thesis\programs\ViTeX\ViTeX\bin\Debug\AForge.Fuzzy.xml
E:\thesis\programs\ViTeX\ViTeX\bin\Debug\AForge.Genetic.xml
E:\thesis\programs\ViTeX\ViTeX\bin\Debug\AForge.Imaging.Formats.xml
E:\thesis\programs\ViTeX\ViTeX\bin\Debug\AForge.MachineLearning.xml
E:\thesis\programs\ViTeX\ViTeX\bin\Debug\AForge.Neuro.xml
E:\thesis\programs\ViTeX\ViTeX\bin\Debug\AForge.Robotics.Lego.xml
E:\thesis\programs\ViTeX\ViTeX\bin\Debug\AForge.Robotics.Surveyor.xml
E:\thesis\programs\ViTeX\ViTeX\bin\Debug\AForge.Robotics.TeRK.xml
E:\thesis\programs\ViTeX\ViTeX\bin\Debug\AForge.Video.xml
E:\thesis\programs\ViTeX\ViTeX\bin\Debug\AForge.Video.DirectShow.xml
E:\thesis\programs\ViTeX\ViTeX\bin\Debug\AForge.Video.FFMPEG.xml
E:\thesis\programs\ViTeX\ViTeX\bin\Debug\AForge.Video.Kinect.xml
E:\thesis\programs\ViTeX\ViTeX\bin\Debug\AForge.Video.VFW.xml
E:\thesis\programs\ViTeX\ViTeX\bin\Debug\AForge.Video.Ximea.xml
E:\thesis\programs\ViTeX\ViTeX\bin\Debug\AForge.Vision.xml
E:\thesis\programs\ViTeX\ViTeX\bin\Debug\ConnectedComponentLabeling.pdb
E:\thesis\programs\ViTeX\ViTeX\bin\Debug\DotImaging.BitmapInterop.xml
E:\thesis\programs\ViTeX\ViTeX\bin\Debug\DotImaging.GenericImage.xml
E:\thesis\programs\ViTeX\ViTeX\bin\Debug\QuickGraph.xml
E:\thesis\programs\ViTeX\ViTeX\bin\Debug\QuickGraph.Data.xml
E:\thesis\programs\ViTeX\ViTeX\bin\Debug\QuickGraph.Graphviz.xml
E:\thesis\programs\ViTeX\ViTeX\bin\Debug\QuickGraph.Serialization.xml
E:\thesis\programs\ViTeX\ViTeX\bin\Debug\Tesseract.xml
E:\thesis\programs\ViTeX\ViTeX\bin\Debug\AForge.xml
E:\thesis\programs\ViTeX\ViTeX\bin\Debug\AForge.Imaging.xml
E:\thesis\programs\ViTeX\ViTeX\bin\Debug\AForge.Math.xml
E:\thesis\programs\ViTeX\ViTeX\obj\Debug\BlobsExplorer.BlobsBrowser.resources
E:\thesis\programs\ViTeX\ViTeX\obj\Debug\ViTeX.Properties.Resources.resources
E:\thesis\programs\ViTeX\ViTeX\obj\Debug\ViTeX.Video.resources
E:\thesis\programs\ViTeX\ViTeX\obj\Debug\ViTeX.ViTeX.resources
E:\thesis\programs\ViTeX\ViTeX\obj\Debug\ViTeX.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
E:\thesis\programs\ViTeX\ViTeX\obj\Debug\ViTeX.exe
E:\thesis\programs\ViTeX\ViTeX\obj\Debug\ViTeX.pdb
E:\thesis\programs\ViTeX\ViTeX\obj\Debug\ViTeX.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
